(wind howling)
("Burden in My Hand"
by Soundgarden)
♪ Follow me into the desert ♪
♪ As thirsty as you are ♪
♪ Crack a smile and
cut your mouth ♪
♪ And drown in alcohol ♪
♪ 'Cause down below,
the truth is lying ♪
♪ Beneath the riverbed ♪
♪ So quench yourself
and drink the water ♪
♪ That flows below her head ♪
♪ Oh no ♪
♪ There she goes ♪
♪ Out in the sunshine ♪
♪ The sun is mine ♪
♪ I shot my love today ♪
♪ Would you cry for me ♪
♪ I lost my head again ♪
♪ Would you lie for me ♪
♪ Close your eyes
and bow your head ♪
♪ I need a little sympathy ♪
♪ 'Cause fear is strong
and love's for everyone ♪
♪ Who isn't me ♪
♪ Kill your health
and kill yourself ♪
♪ And kill everything you love ♪
♪ And if you live, you
can fall to pieces ♪
♪ And suffer with my ghost ♪
♪ I shot my love today ♪
♪ Would you cry for me ♪
♪ I lost my head again ♪
♪ Would you lie for me ♪
♪ I left her in the sand ♪
♪ Just a burden in my hand ♪
♪ I lost my head again ♪
♪ Would you cry for me ♪
♪ It's just a
burden in my hand ♪
♪ It's just an
anchor on my heart ♪
♪ It's just a tumor in my head ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ So follow me into the desert ♪
♪ As desperate as you are ♪
♪ Where the moon is glued
to a picture of heaven ♪
♪ And all the little
pigs have God ♪
♪ Oh no ♪
♪ There she goes ♪
♪ Out in the sunshine ♪
♪ The sun is mine ♪
♪ I shot my love today ♪
♪ Would you cry for me ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I lost my head again ♪
♪ Would you lie for me ♪
♪ I left her in the sand ♪
♪ Just a burden in my hand ♪
♪ I lost my head again ♪
♪ Would you cry for me ♪
♪ Yeah, would you cry for me ♪
♪♪♪